---
author: Martin Hartl
format: post
layout: post
title: 2015
date: 2015-01-01
---

It's a new year already. 2015 will be an exciting one for me. I'm going to finish my studies if nothing severe happens, move back to Germany and hopefully find a real job as an iOS developer.   
Besides this, I set myself some less serious goals I want to achieve this year:

## Gain weight and get fit 
A lot people want to lose weight but a controlled gain of weight isn't that easy either. With a height of 178 and 60 kg I hope I can gain at least 7 kgs Maybe the Apple Watch may help in getting fit. \*hinthint\*

## Update my existing Apps
By moving to Amsterdam and starting my internship I suddenly had a lot less time as I had the time before in university. So my existing [Apps](http://mhaddl.me) really suffered and didn't receive long planned updates and new features. This has to change in 2015.

## Build and release a Mac App
I'm building iPhone and iPad Apps for three years now and I'm in front of a Mac all the time, so building a Mac App has always been the next logical step for me. I have several ideas for Mac Apps and I want to release it on my own, outside of the App Store. This should be exciting.

## Learn a new programming language for backend development
Backend and web development never has been the thing on which I spent most of my time but I think it's an essential skill for mobile developers these days. I've used Ruby with Sinatra and Express with Node before but learning something new is always good, especially in such a fast moving field. I'll probably look into Go or Haskell.

##  Travel more
I haven't seen as many different places as I would have liked to in the last year. I want to go on more city trips (maybe Stockholm, Paris, Rome). A classic holiday at the beach, warm temperature and sights would be nice, too. Greece sounds great for this.

## Play some video games
When I was younger, I constantly played video games. Over time it got less and less and now I'm just playing iOS games here and there. To enjoy some blockbuster games with great graphics again, I really want to buy a Playstation 4 this year. Shadow of Mordor, Star Wars Battlefront and The Last of Us are on the list to be played!

