---
title: "Weekly #1"
date: 2017-11-05 16:55
format: post
layout: post
author: Martin Hartl
---

I’m really enjoying the format of [Matt Alexander’s weekly newsletter](https://one37.net).  I wanted to do something similar for a very long time and this is my first shot at it.

It’s the iPhone X week! It seems like Apple changed it’s PR strategy and small Youtubers got access to the new phone before big Media publications. I thought it was very interesting and will target new audiences, but I very much missed all the deep reviews from people that used the phones for several days.
I still need to wait a few weeks before my iPhone X arrives to join the Animoji-Karaoke-Party.

## Apps:
### Apollo
I still enjoy this App a lot. It’s now my second most used iOS App on my phone behind Tweetbot. Reddit in general has a bad rep in the Apple circle, but there is so much interesting, funny and thought-provoking content on it. I still need to write a roundup of subreddits I read.

### Goodbye DayOne
I moved away from DayOne, again. I’m just not happy how DayOne 2 feels on the iPhone and the Mac. Version 2 still feels slow to use compared the it’s predecessor. In addition, I’m increasingly not happy to store my most private thoughts on a random server I don’t control. Therefore I updated my [little script](https://github.com/hartlco/DayOneToMarkdownFiles) to convert the DayOne entries into separate `.textbundle` files. Those files are now imported into Ulysses as external files. I would not recommend to use this script for yourself, but it converted my 700 entries just fine.

## Listening:
### Kettcar - Ich vs. Wir
I was listening to this Album a lot. It’s good German alternative/indie with slight political lyrics. If that’s your thing, give it a try.

### Wheel bearings
Finally I listened to a lot episodes of the [Wheel bearings](https://wheelbearings.media) podcasts. Please, If you like cars and thinking about the future of cars g, listen to it!

## Playing
I was a very enthusiastic gamer between the age 8-18. I remember spending countless days and weeks in World of Warcraft or playing the original Counter Strike. For 7 years I didn’t spend much time with games that aren’t fun little iOS games. This changed by the end of last year with the discovery of Rocket League. I bought a Playstation 4 and played this game exclusively for a whole year. Now I started playing Destiny 2 and I enjoy it so much. It’s a MMO like World of Warcraft is but it feels so much lighter. I don’t have to farm for weeks just to be a little competitive in a PvP match or grind for a month to just hit the level cap. I’m already looking forward to the extensions!

## Watching
### Thor: Ragnarok
Saw this one on the launch day in Europe. I enjoyed it for what it was. A fun mixture between a standard Thor movie and SciFi mashup à la Guardians of the Galaxy.

## Drinking
I’m still working hard to improve my homemade Old Fashioned. I can assure you that the second one has always been better than the first.
