---
title: "Weekly #3"
date: 2017-11-19 17:00
author: Martin Hartl
---

Hello! I‘m writing this while sitting a meter away from the pool and 5 meters away from the sea, facing the inner side of a huge, palm-like, human-made structure in the Arabian gulf. I believe when humanity will be able to travel to remote planets just for vacation purposes, the destinations will resemble Dubai. Hmm, maybe the color of the sky and the water might be different.

### Gadgets - Macbook Pro 2017
There were loads of [discussions](https://marco.org/2017/11/14/best-laptop-ever) about the „new“[^1] Macbook Pro again and coincidently this was the first week that I used the new Macbook Pro 2017 15 inch as my work laptop. So far I really love this machine. I notice the size and weight difference, as I carry it for over an hour every day. In theory, I would prefer the 13-inch model, but it‘s just not powerful enough. The ports are also no problem for me. I noticed I don‘t plugin stuff into my laptop that often. I bought two USB A to C adapters and that‘s fine for now. I also really like the feel of the new keyboard. I‘m now just a little bit scared of dust getting inside the keys and ruining it. This feeling will disappear after a few months of using it without issues. No thoughts about the Touch Bar. I remap ESC to Caps-Lock, so no changes here.

### Apps and Games - Combined this week
As there wasn’t any real new App I was obsessed with, I’m going to mention a game here: [Flipflop](http://www.flipflopsolitaire.com/#why).
> Flipflop is Solitaire built for your phone, not for your table.

I never really enjoyed Solitaire but this game makes it fast and fun.
Other than that…yea… I played a lot of Rocket League, as usual. With this new Macbook, I might actually try to install Windows using Bootcamp and play [PUBG](https://playbattlegrounds.com/).

### Watching
Justice League. It wasn’t the worst DC movie I’ve seen but nowhere close to Wonder Woman or any Marvel movie.

### Development
I really enjoyed [Dave DeLong’s “A Better MVC”](https://davedelong.com/blog/2017/11/06/a-better-mvc-part-1-the-problems/)series. While learning Android I try to reflect back to iOS development as much as I can. App architecture is a hot topic on both platforms. Even though this series focuses around on iOS, it might be valuable for all mobile developers.

### Drinking
Loads of water. It’s really hot here.   


And with this. See you next week.

[^1]:	This means every Macbook Pro starting with the late 2016 model. The one that replaced all ports in favor of USB C Thunderbolt ports and introduced an improved version of the MacBook keyboard to the Pro line.
