---
title: "Weekly #5"
format: post
layout: post
date: 2017-12-03 20:00
author: Martin Hartl
---

No forewords, let‘s go.

## Apps and Internet
I got rid of Dropbox again. I was only using it to sync my 1Password fault across different Macs and iOS. I wanted to switch it to iCloud Drive when I started thinking...1Password contains all of my sensitive information and I was storing it on cloud servers. Yes, it‘s encrypted with a strong master password, but all of a sudden I was absolutely uncomfortable with this idea. I turned off cloud sync and moved to the folder based sync option with Wifi-Sync for iOS devices. Between the Macs, I now use [ChronoSync](http://m.econtechnologies.com/chronosync.html) to keep the fault file in sync.

## Development
I was looking for a very particular[^1] plain text editor App on macOS for a very long time. I noticed my requirements are actually pretty simple and I  started to develop it myself. So let me introduce [Plainy](https://github.com/hartlco/Plainy). I recommend to not touch it in this state. It‘s only useful for me right now as I now the limitations and the quirks to use it.
So far developing a Mac App has been great. The frameworks are a little more complex compared to iOS but still are very familiar and super powerful. I love it. I don‘t plan to release as a real standalone product for now, but we will see.

## Open Web
I‘m giving indy microblogging another try. Head over to [micro.hartl.co](https://micro.hartl.co) to consume my Twitter like content. I don‘t know...I was reading about Aaron Swartz again this week and it always reminds me of the importance of the open web, standards and not being controlled by huge companies.  

Yea, this ended on a positive note, right? See you next week.

[^1]:	I will explain in a different post what the exact requirements were.
